Hayase-san has nothing to do with this.
You have until tonight.
Ichika's the one who suggested we reboot you.
- Mayu-san!
- I only put her to sleep.
If you want to save her,
bring Riku Hayase to the location I specify.
You have until 10 p.m.
- Do you have a gun?
- There's one at your place.
I'll have you know, we have a search warrant.
We'll hear more from you at the office.
Timing and subtitles by
"🍰 The Pastry Detectives 🔍" Team @Viki.com
We're running out of time.
Gido can't save Mayu-san alone.
Do I tell the police everything?
Do I tell them Gido was alive
and pray his testimony proves my innocence?
No, I can't. Goroku wouldn't let that slide.
First things first, we have to save Mayu-san.
Sit.
You are to remain here
while we search your confiscated items.
Goroku's people have a citizen held hostage.
This is where she's being kept.
Please, go save her.
The hostage is a woman named Mayu Gido.
She is my wife.
Team A, reaching the top of the stairs.
Team B, right behind you.
Police!
Freeze!
Did you find her?
Why send us on a wild-goose chase, Gido?
What?
The location you specified was deserted.
I suppose you're finally getting desperate.
Right. Goroku's spy.
Hello?
We passed on the new location to Gido.
Now we wait.
All right, sounds good.
Should we open that Burgundy we received?
[Hinako Goroku]
Great idea.
Pizza's served, kids.
- Yes!
- Wow!
- Daddy, give me a slice!
- There you go.
- Thanks!
- You get the big slice, Dear.
- Thank you.
- No, thank you.
Anytime.
- Daddy, hurry!
- Yes, Sweetie.
- Hot.
- Yum!
- Give me a minute.
- Sure.
Hello?
I knocked out your men out front.
If you don't let me in,
your family will pay the price.
- A guest?
- That would be for me.
Come on in.
[Unlocked]
I have an unexpected guest.
Long time no see, Gido-san.
Good evening.
It's a pleasure to meet you.
I am Goroku's wife.
Evening, Ma'am. I apologize for intruding.
- Please, come on in.
- Yes, welcome in.
- I'll see him in my room.
- Sure.
I'll bring you both drinks.
Thank you, but I won't be staying long.
Follow me.
Come on in.
The real deal sure is intimidating.
I'll cut straight to the chase.
Ichika kidnapped my wife.
She couldn't have managed such a feat alone.
You must have made Fuyuhashi help.
Getting a citizen involved is risky,
but it was a necessary risk to take.
Come on in.
Thank you, Dear.
My husband made pizza tonight.
Care for a slice?
Looks delicious.
It's one of our children's favorites.
- Thank you.
- We appreciate your visit tonight.
- Sorry.
- It's fine.
- Did you drive here?
- No.
Then drink up.
Enjoy your stay.
Thank you.
Eat up while it's hot.
I won't kill you while my family's around.
Let's hear your story.
I'm not the one who stole the billion
three years ago.
Didn't you reboot Riku Hayase
as a part of your grand escape?
Ichika's the one who suggested we reboot him.
You used Hayase to steal ten billion from us.
The riches I stole were all junk.
Ichika had them swapped them out.
She's leading you down a false trail.
Are you saying Ichika is our culprit?
I understand you won't believe me,
but torturing me won't bring the money back.
That ten billion will remain missing.
Mr. Ma of the Hong Kong gang
entrusted you with those riches.
Lose his trust, and he'll hunt you down.
Mr. Ma will be plenty satisfied
with the neck of our culprit.
I'll repay the ten billion over time.
Give me a chance to speak with Ichika, alone.
I can get her to fess up about the riches.
Just please, release Mayu.
Gido-san, you've reached your limits.
Cough up the money while you still can.
Fine. I'll take it a step further.
I'll take you hostage
and prove myself innocent.
Bastard...
Goroku!
My wife knows nothing of my line of work,
but she's a lady who catches on quick.
I've taught her what to do
when I have "visitors."
Goroku...
I don't get to have dinner with family often.
But the pizza has gone ice-cold by now.
- Kids, I have an idea.
- Yes?
Since school is off tomorrow,
how about we book a hotel,
and spend the day at a waterpark?
Is that fine by you, Dear?
Yes! Yes!
Okay, but let's clear up the table first.
- Okay!
- Right, good idea.
No jumping on the couch.
Was everything okay?
Yes.
Please keep your business out of the house.
Sorry.
Gido was caught at Goroku's place.
He'll be brought here shortly.
You look worried.
Don't want to see your lover get killed?
No.
I'm just surprised
he's so protective of his wife.
[Ayumi Gido, Reboot, Day 6]
Is Mayu-san all right?
Did Gido manage to save her?
No, focus on dealing with this first.
The police definitely found Gido's gun.
How do I talk my way out of this?
Chief Mikami.
I was called here as your direct superior.
It's been a while
since I've worked until this hour.
Bet you never thought
your own subordinate
would send the hounds after you, right?
In any case, you're free to go.
Nothing suspicious was found in your room.
I apologize for causing you trouble, Sir.
We'll chalk it up to a rookie mistake.
All right, anyone down for a round of drinks?
I'd rather not, Sir.
My bed calls for me.
Likewise.
It seems we were off our mark. What a shame.
Something isn't adding up.
He was clearly panicking
when we were searching his place.
Perhaps Gido isn't the only one here
with connections to Goroku's organization.
Inspector Gido,
I appreciated your cooperation tonight.
Sir, I'm sorry, but I'm in a hurry.
Hold on.
You forgot something.
I do not know "what" is within that bag
nor do I want you to tell me what's in there.
You took this from my place and hid it.
You're Goroku's spy.
Of course not.
Then what does that make you, Sir?
Your phone is tapped.
What?
It's most likely welded onto the battery.
But wrap it in aluminum foil, like this...
And we get our privacy.
Here's your new phone.
She's been monitoring me all this time.
But don't go tossing away that device.
Keep up the oblivious act, all right?
I'll keep it brief.
I can't have you disappearing on me.
Six years ago,
I discovered Inspector Gido
was selling our intel to Fuyuhashi.
But...
instead of arresting Gido,
I chose to strike a deal with him.
Inspector Gido.
I'm not working
to arrest some corrupt cop.
I hope to reel in a bigger catch.
Something like a whale, if you will.
A whale?
That's right.
I'm referring to a certain politician
in line to become prime minister.
Fuyuhashi works for Wataru Goroku.
And we believe Goroku sends his dirty money
to said politician.
But we don't have the evidence needed
to reel in the whale.
If you can find me that evidence,
I will overlook your crimes.
Make a deal like that,
and you'll be equally as guilty, sir.
I believe it's worth the risk.
So how about it?
Will you be arrested where you stand?
Or will you cooperate with me?
Inspector Gido accepted my deal.
He never brought me intel I could use.
But his connections are crucial
for investigating the organization.
You're a piece I cannot afford to lose.
Inspector General Makita.
What's all this about?
Did you suddenly get nostalgic?
I remember our deal loud and clear.
Inspector Gido.
Something felt off about you
when you first returned.
So I sent your fingerprint out to forensics.
I was quite shocked, Inspector.
Your prints were those
of a certain man-on-the-run.
You knew.
- Good morning.
- I had hoped
to carefully observe what you knew of me
and figure out your motive for becoming Gido.
Except our Second Investigation Team
decided to take action.
Hearing word of their plan
to search your place,
I circumvented them
and took "this" before they could.
If you're asking how I let myself in,
I had a spare key made of his place.
I never quite trusted Gido, you see.
I put on a front of doubt
to protect him within the force.
But I'm running out of ways to cover for him.
We have to reel in that whale,
or we're both done for.
Then you aren't Goroku's spy?
No.
I am a man of justice,
fighting against Goroku and his whale.
One more piece of advice.
Be careful who you speak up to.
Anyone could be the spy in here.
I am innocent.
I did not murder my wife.
I have become like this because I was tricked.
Gido-san will testify for me.
Gido...
is alive?
He is.
But he is being falsely accused
of stealing the organization's money.
He and his wife are both about to be killed.
Please, save them.
I can't help you any more than I already have.
- Why?
- Helping you here
won't get me any closer to Goroku.
Even if this eventually leads to his arrest,
the whale backing him
will get him right out of jail.
We only win when the whale is no more.
And you call yourself a cop?
People are going to die!
Small sacrifices are necessary
to save a great number of lives.
That is how I view justice.
- Where are you going?
- To find Gido-san and his wife.
You'll be killed.
You're no replacement for Gido
if you can't see the logic behind my actions.
I am Riku Hayase.
I am an ordinary citizen.
I cannot turn a blind eye,
knowing someone is about to die.
[A]
Gido-san, are you safe?
I know where they're keeping Mayu.
Where is she? I'll come join you.
She's in the warehouse from yesterday.
I'll send you the location.
This is a trap, don't come!
They'll kill you!
Gido-san?
[I: Don't come.]
[Or you won't see your family again.]
Don't move!
Drop your guns!
Wow, they seriously look alike!
Why did you come?
Where is Mayu-san?
It's not every day you get to see
two of the same people.
What a spectacle.
Question. When making Italian meringue,
what temperature is your sugar syrup?
118 degrees Celsius.
Correct! Guess this one is Hayase.
You leaked intel to the police.
I'm sure even you can guess
the consequences of your actions.
Mayu-san is innocent.
Please, let her go.
You really are a good cookie, aren't you?
Open it.
Mayu.
- Mayu, are you okay?
- Mayu-san!
She's been put to sleep.
Now then, let's get down to business.
Hey.
Where is the ten billion yen?
I don't know.
No, don't!
Where is the ten billion yen?
I don't...
I don't know, I swear.
Ichika's the one who stole everything.
Fuyuhashi!
Ichika tricked me!
Everything I stole was junk!
Stop! Fuyuhashi, don't shoot!
- Don't!
- I also saw it!
Gido-san isn't lying!
Ichika-san's tricking you all!
Hayase-san is being led astray by Gido.
I don't know what Gido told you,
but who are you going to trust? Me or him?
This is your last chance.
Where is the ten billion yen?
I don't know.
Please, Goroku-san.
Please let Mayu go.
Mayu only joined us for the video call.
She's enjoying a nice nap
at her place right now.
She'll likely have no memory of the whole ordeal.
I would never bring a civilian
into our affairs. You know this.
Still, this is quite the conundrum.
Gido-san blames Ichika-san,
and Ichika-san blames Gido-san.
But I have to offer Mr. Ma
the culprit's head on a platter.
In other words, I get rid of one or the other.
Fuyuhashi.
Who would you sacrifice?
We have evidence of Gido's theft.
It'd be easy to make him the culprit.
I'd kill Gido.
Quick thinking.
But you're wrong.
You forgot to factor in one crucial piece.
I'd get rid of Riku Hayase.
We'll tell Mr. Ma the culprit was Gido
and send over a video of his death.
These two are practically doppelgängers.
He won't know which "Gido" dies.
So we keep the more capable Gido
and get rid of the useless Hayase.
Wait.
Get filming.
Yes, Sir.
Let me negotiate with Gido.
I'll get him to tell me the money's location.
You'd rather find the money, no?
You get one minute.
We'll talk, alone.
Let me join you.
You stay here.
Close the doors.
Gido.
Where's the ten billion?
Don't test me. I'll kill you.
Can you see who this is?
Bitch...
Gido.
I need you to do me a favor.
So?
Where is the ten billion yen?
Fine, we'll proceed as planned.
It's time we get rid of Riku Hayase.
I did it.
The video evidence says it all.
Obviously, I'm the culprit.
But none of those valuables were real.
You're gullible.
I wanted to pin the blame on Ichika.
Why the change of heart?
Ichika convinced me to fess up.
I was going to meet my end either way.
I'd rather leave my crimes
at being a corrupt cop,
than also get innocent people involved.
Might as well take the side of justice
before I'm snuffed out, right?
Where is the ten billion you stole?
As soon as I speak up, it's game over for me.
Fine.
We'll search for it ourselves.
It's a shame I can't serve you one last meal.
Alas, I don't have my tools here.
Goroku.
Let me be the first to tell you.
Your meals sure tasted great.
But you know what?
Your face made every meal fucking miserable.
Gido-san!
Tell Mayu...
To file that divorce already.
It's going to be okay.
I promise, I'll protect her.
Gido-san!
You live to see another day.
From this day forth,
you will work for my organization as "Gido."
You'll report back to me
with police intel, you hear?
Now then, "Gido."
Here's your first job.
Go and bury this man.
You should have known this could happen.
You brought this upon yourself.
Then why are you still wearing that necklace?
I gave that to you.
Listen, if I die...
tell her I ran off with another woman.
I'm counting on you.
How...
How did you get him to fess up?
Did you threaten
to kill Mayu-san?
Why did you save me?
Because I promised to protect you.
Liar.
Everything you say is a lie!
The money stolen three years ago
was all you, wasn't it?
I guess there's no point
in playing pretend anymore.
I met Natsumi-san when I worked
at a club owned by Goroku.
I told her I needed money
to save my younger sister.
I had her steal that billion yen for me.
Did you murder Natsumi?
I wanted access to the organization's safe.
I wanted Natsumi-san's status within the organization.
You made me ten billion yen.
Thanks.
Lay a finger on me,
and your store goes up in flames.
I'll make your family vanish, too.
I don't understand.
What do you want?
Weren't you trying to save your sister?
That was my goal at first.
But now that I know of underworld money,
I've set my sights higher.
I am going to usurp Goroku's organization.
That's why I left you around.
You'll build rapport in the organization
and help me crush Goroku.
Once the organization is under my control,
I will guarantee your family's safety.
I expect great things from you,
"Gido."
♫ My heart just becomes empty ♫
♫
"Are you laughing more than usual?" ♫
♫ Did such a day even exist? ♫
Gido-san.
Come try our new pudding.
It tastes just like Dad's.
I will.
- See you around, kid. Careful out there.
- Yes.
Gido-san!
Good morning.
Goodness, you're hurt.
It's a part of the job.
Thank you again for sending Mayu-san.
She helped us perfect our newest creation!
It's called the Hayase Pudding.
Want to try one?
Could I talk to you?
I was walking home yesterday,
when someone gagged me from behind.
By the time I came to, I was back home.
I was wearing a different outfit as well.
You must have been terrified.
Don't worry, nothing has happened to you.
I promise no more danger will befall you.
Has something happened to Gido?
Your husband...
He embezzled money from a certain organization.
His life was in danger here.
He fled to a Southeast Asian country.
Then Gido is safe?
Yes.
However,
he left with another woman.
I was told to give you this.
[Divorce Forms]
He wanted to end things with you for good.
Hayase-san, what are you planning to do now?
I will arrest my wife's murderer
and return home to my family.
I made a promise to them.
Would you like to try a Hayase Pudding?
Gido never liked sweet things.
I think I can forget him,
if I see you eating one.
Thank you.
I won't tell anyone your true identity.
I'll leave your store as well.
But please tell me your story
once everything is over.
I pray
that you'll be reunited with your family soon.
That necklace.
I made sure to return it to Gido-san.
Gido-san treasured you.
He cared for you.
With all his heart.
Thank you.
[Again | Mr. Children
(Toys Factory)]
You could at least knock.
Gido is dead.
And here I thought he'd kill the fake.
Oh, well.
I suppose you'll have to do.
Bring me evidence that ties Goroku
and our whale together.
Crush the whale and Goroku's organization,
and I will guarantee your family's safety.
A woman named Ichika Kogo
wants to usurp Goroku's organization.
Now that's an interesting lead.
Sounds promising.
Tell me more.
Ichika's the one who murdered my wife.
Promise me you'll arrest her,
and have her fess up her crimes.
Timing and subtitles by
"🍰 The Pastry Detectives 🔍" Team @Viki.com
You're looking sharper.
You'd do a fine job replacing Gido.
I'm not a replacement.
I am Ayumi Gido.
We're bringing Ichika Kogo down.
This is where my reboot really begins.
[Reboot]
How about crushing Goroku with me?
[Next, Episode 7: Awakening]
You're acting like Gido. Why?
[The birth of a new Gido]
I can't back down now.
[Giving up to evil in the name of justice]
I'm sure you wish you could kill me now.
Do you recognize this individual?
[A burning sense of helplessness and frustration..]
Quit acting so soft.
[Fuyuhashi makes a decision for the sake of his 'family']
It's sorta frustrating,
[It's almost time for the reboot to be discovered]
always following Goroku-san's orders.
[A tense moment that will decide their fate]
You're the one pushing yourself.
You take on all the dirty work yourself.
[This drama is a work of fiction.]